Welcome to LHH's Career Transition Services.
You’ve taken an important first step by
beginning the program your employer or former
employer provided. We’re excited to work
with you to reach your career goals. You may not have heard
of LHH until recently,
but we are well known in the Human Resources
world. We are a global organization working
with Fortune 500 companies and smaller organizations
across industries, supporting people from
all functions and at every level in the organization.
Separating from an organization is difficult.
It involves change. It is our goal to support you, providing you
with tools to guide you. With our help and your resilience,
you can manage the most effective
and efficient job search. At LHH, coaching is at the
heart of everything
we do. Your job search is driven by personal support
from our Career Consultants and through
productivity tools, which can help you land a better job faster.
In this session, we will review the services
and resources available to you. You will be
provided with support in three significant ways:
First, we will focus on brand development, helping you create a
clear message, your
professional brand. Secondly, you are matched with a dedicated
Career Consultant, or Coach who supports you through your job search.
And third, you will be able to access the many tools and
resources available on the
Career Resource Network (CRN). We will address each
of these in this session.
Let’s jump right in. Once you’ve received an email with your
access to the Career Resource Network (CRN),
you are ready to begin. You can access the
CRN on any device. Starting on the Career Resource
Network Home page,
you will see your transition team ever-present
in the upper right-hand corner. You are at
the center of your job search, and to support
you is your personal LHH Career Consultant,
and Ella, a Digital Career Agent, working together to
help you transition successfully.
The Home page offers a command center, where
you can find:
Your progress, To-Do's This Week,
Your Upcoming Events, and
Recommended Resources – personalized
for your goal.
When you first accessed your CRN, you selected
a goal that matches your job search intentions.
You chose from landing a similar job, or a career shift,
becoming an entrepreneur, improving
your career through retraining and education,
entering active retirement, or choosing the
gig economy doing a variety of things you love to do.
Your goal can be changed at any time. Based on your goal
selection, you are provided
with a list of things “To Do” which can
jumpstart your career transition.
In addition to your Career Consultant, Ella will continue
to personalize your experience
by recommending content and actions for you
throughout your search. Ella helps you search
for jobs, without compromising your data. Ella delivers job
leads based on your preferences
and refines job recommendations based on your feedback.
Developing your personal brand requires determining
who you are, what you bring to the table today,
and how you differ from the competition. You
have access to resources including tools and
templates to help you develop your brand.
Of course, one very important document that
reflects your brand is your resume. One of the first
To-Do’s will be to upload
your resume to the Digital Talent Exchange,
LHH’s proprietary database. Rest assured,
the employers viewing our candidate resumes
have been researched, reviewed, and approved
by our team to ensure your privacy and security.
We have thousands of employers and recruiters
accessing our database to find their ideal candidates.
That is why we encourage you to
post your resume as quickly as possible to
the Digital Talent Exchange, even if it has
not yet been reviewed. You can always upload
your updated resume later!
If you ARE looking to get a review of your resume by an
LHH Professional Branding Specialist,
another “To Do” suggests you send your resume to start the process.
The Professional Branding Specialist will send back your
resume with feedback in a few
business days. Depending on your program, you may
virtually meet with the Professional
Branding Specialist to complete the review. Be sure to
review the changes prior to your
meeting, to ensure the time is as productive as possible.
At your meeting, the Professional Branding
Specialist will go over your revisions and
make some final edits. They will also review your LinkedIn profile
and provide you with tips to ensure employers
can find you and see the great skills and
experience you offer. As you manage your job
search, keep in mind, many times, employers
use social media platforms to find candidates.
Make sure your online presence reflects your
personal brand. Your LHH program includes a Career Consultant
to provide a customized approach to your search.
You are matched with a Career Consultant who
will meet with you one-to-one, and assist
you - where you are in your job search.
They may help you explore your career interests
and skills to determine your career options.
They can work with you to develop a marketing
plan, help you get ready to network, interview,
and negotiate offers for a proactive and productive
search.
Perhaps the most engaging aspect of the program
is the access you will have to the many tools
and resources available on the Career Resource
Network (CRN).
Our Career Resource Network provides you with
a Roadmap to help you stay on track and move
toward success. Go to the Roadmap tab at the top left of the CRN.
The RoadMap is organized by topics to move
you toward success. You can proceed in order, or jump to a specific
topic of interest along your Roadmap. Within
each topic, you are guided with numerous
actions including articles, videos, podcasts
and events you can register for. The events
are hosted by experienced Career Consultants,
and you can attend as many as you like.
These suggested actions will help you develop new skills
and support you through a successful transition.
Once you have completed the action, you will see a
checkmark indicating you have
accomplished the task. As you continue to move
through actions, you can see your progress.
You can also find all the tools and resources
we offer, regardless of your specified goal,
by selecting the “Explore” Menu tab. Here you can
also find premium tools such
as LinkedIn Learning to develop new skills, stay sharp
and compete for exciting opportunities.
You can also access D&B Hoovers to research
your targeted companies and use the Interview
Center to practice your interviewing skills.
These are just a few of the many tools and
resources available to you on the Career Resource Network.
You may be new to the job search, but LHH
is not. We know what works, and we have the
tools to help you find the best opportunity quickly.
If you have been in a job search before, you
know that it can take a little time and a
lot of effort. Some days are not easy. You may be thinking job boards are the key resource
in a job search. However, it is not the only tool for your job search.
We recommend you:
Spend at least 30-35 hours a week on transitional
activities, and
Make 3-5 new contacts a week practicing
and using your personal branding statement,
sharing the message of WHO you are, and WHAT
you can do.
The majority of jobs are landed through networking
with others. Plan your time to include networking conversations.
To help you plan for weekly conversations
and maintain a focused search, you can proactively
use D&B Hoovers on the CRN and LinkedIn to
identify and develop a list of targeted companies.
You can also follow the targeted companies
on Twitter, Glassdoor, Facebook and LinkedIn
to increase your visibility.
If you have not landed a job before your program
ends, don’t worry. You will have continued
access to many of the tools on the CRN through
our Alumni Services.
We hope this brief introduction to your LHH
program has been helpful to you.
Jumpstart your search today by taking full advantage
of the LHH services your employer provided.
Upload your resume to the Digital Talent Exchange.
Request a resume review by our Professional Branding Specialists.
Develop your brand.
Work with your Career Consultant.
Explore the Career Resource Network (CRN)
to select your goal, review the Roadmap, and
engage in the many actions provided including LIVE events.
We look forward to working with you!